Hey everyone, this is a quick video to go over, um, some of the highlights of Exercise 8 Chatbot.
Um, so the first thing you want to do is, you know, interrogate a chatbot of your choice.
And really push its limits. What information does it share? What's accurate? What's not accurate? What does it know? What doesn't it know?
Um, what is it allowed to say and not allowed to say? Like, basically, what can you tell about what's, like, behind the interface, what it was trained on?
based on, like, the responses you get, um, from different things that you ask it. And don't be afraid to, like, rephrase your questions and really try to…
push it and see what, um, see what you can see.
And then you're going to create your own chatbot.
Um, and there are a bunch of different options in the module. There's a chatbot resources page.
Um, several other, um, helpful things in the module.
And then, um, let's see, lots of pages there.
And then the, um…
What I'm looking at today is bot press, and I've created a bot in BotPress. Well, I've almost created it.
I wanted to show you this screen, because I didn't want you to panic.
Um, please do not pay any AI company for any…
chatbots. Um, nothing for this class.
that no assignment should require any kind of subscription or payment to an outside
source. And so I just wanted you to point out, you don't have to buy this plan, you don't have to contact us.
You can just click Not Now over here in the corner. So let's click that and see if my bot is actually done.
What I did was… oh boy, that's fun.
Cool. Okay, so I uploaded… I exported the course.
And it exported in some weird file that I had to then
convert, and so, like, some of the pages
exported just fine, and some didn't, and some unpublished old pages exported, so…
Uh, it's anyone's guess what this thing is gonna say, but that's besides the point for my demo right now. What I'm gonna do is show you how to get from here
to, um, putting it on your GitHub if you want. It's totally fine to just share the link to your bot. Where is it? Share.
The link to your bot, and you just click this here.
And click Share.
I don't know why it called itself Voyant Digital Assistant, but there it is.
And..oh, it found my phone. That's fun. Alright, so I'm gonna just…
Copy this. Is it copied already? Let's find it.
Alright, cool. Now I'm going to go to my, um, GitHub demo page, and I'll show you how to just add that in, uh, in case you have forgotten.
Okay, so here is my main, like, code site here in GitHub.
And I want to look for my main page. Actually, I don't want this on my main index page. I want it on my Schedule.md page.
Because I think that's where… yep, that's where all my projects are. So I want to add to this, I'm going to add another link to another project.
And, um, it doesn't have to be hosted in GitHub, it can just be hosted by whatever
Um, platform you're using, so mine will just link out to the bot press…
Um, chatbot, and that's fine with me.
If you want to get super impressive,
You can upload it to GitHub somehow. I'm not even sure how I would export.
a commercial platform's chatbot, but if you can, have at it.
Okay, so I have hit edit, and I am in Schedule.md, and this is ".md" so it's Markdown, okay? And we remember Markdown text.
I'm gonna put it here, um, just before the research. I like my things in chronological order. You can do whatever you want.
As far as organizing these, and I'm going to call this, "Impressive
Chatbot"
Here, let's call it that.
And then they need to link to it, and I,
I think I already lost that link, so I'm gonna go click here again, share…
And share, and copy…
Copy…
Do we think it's copied yet? There.
Alright, now I need to… oh, I have to close this before I can go anywhere else.
Okay, so I'm back here, now I'm gonna put my whole link.
Now, it's not a .html or a .md, I'm linking to an outside website, and that's fine.
And it should work there. So let's preview.
And make sure it works. And I have to right-click and open in a new tab so that it doesn't…
Um, leave this page without me checking it.
And… there it is.
Alright. I'm still annoyed, so I would have to go back and adjust this, because I don't know why it says Voyant, but…
Either way, that is how you put this link here, and I can commit my changes.
Don't forget to save.
And then it will build. Remember, it takes a while.
And so, once this is a nice little green check, like that, it will be up.
So, you can post, um… you can still post the direct link from
bot press, or from wherever you made your bot.
to the, um, discussion?
But if you want, you can definitely
also link to your schedule.md page, and we can find it from there.
Alright, hope that helps. Happy chatbotting.